take a look at this
really good relations campaign you
seniors who's going to perform today
have seen him perform had the same when
you 15 years ago when he was thus not
smaller he's is 42 now one of the most
sacred places for karate piggy it's not
very big but how do you how are they
going to have so many people coming
because he's he says because the biggest
we are he's one of the hottest musicians
now
this Hall is going to be definitely full
which is going to overflow and outside
the hall and people are going to stand
on the road and decide you're from
Israel yes and you're studying like
crazy
you got all those knuckles going come on
in your dreams baby
he's a good poker player yes okay I got
worried why is studying this music
playing there Booker because this is
very powerful music is giving you the
tools
to control the rhythm moment that you
will have these tools and these
principles of written from this music
South India Building so
you can do what everyone's applied it to
me
without the master of written so when
you are master of Britain everything is
coming like a butter
how old were you when you first heard
you she never
you Cassidy when
who knows seven or eight easy do you
like this music yeah
and
you listen to it a lot
so you how do you feel about being here
we have to clear
nice yeah
to begin
cousin
many of you don't know how popular
imagined TS by failure if you just put
their name into purpose because I saw
them there I have been associated items
there were since 1983 so since then I'm
very close to him
this in terms of laia in terms of
creativity my goodness I really would
fantastic what something about your
contract